BUGStofix:
pathfinder (and a future AI using it) should be able to handle temporary 'islands' in the node graph created by enemy units
imgui can behave weirdly in windowed mode. there's some additional yoffset for mouse input or something. (this is likely about xfce's window manager and SDL2 and some old versions of the two)
FIXED TEMPORARILY program seems to freeze if sound effect is playing, while trying to quit the program (cmixer's mutex stuff suspect)
custom text rendering disabled while I figure out why Windows doesn't like it
managed to move two units to one hex somehow, but couldn't reproduce that

FixedBugs:
reachable nodes no longer flicker whne mouseovering impassable nodes
wrong autosave format no longer crashes the program



TODO: (in rough order of importance)
clean up animation code a bit (timers end node start indices army moving moving army arming move)
some kind of basic scenario with dozen or so units
more complex combat mechanics
new ui theme to replace dear imgui's default one
fog or war
zone of control should be togglable feature (some units have it, some ignore it and so on)
devious and terrifying enemy AI to command armies of goblins all over the map and elsewhere
edges can have several different travel costs (normal, flying, sailing, voice, woodsman)
camera could use a rewrite, so it can (among other things) handle changing aspect ratio, so I can allow resizable window
zooming in should center camera to mouse cursor. maybe not all the way at once, but each zoom step should move it closer
  actually mouse cursor should stay over the same hex while zooming in, so the camera pans towards the said hex, but doesn't center on it
pack path arrows into single draw call
loader for shader code should handle wrong filenames better (now it seems to just segfault)



incomplete list of IMPLEMENTED FEATURES (these were on todo list earlier):
new feature for pathfinder usage code: move along the path as far as your movement points allow (AI will want to use this) (It seems to kinda work)
units can retreat from battle. defender being pushed back from its hex.
death animation and sound! (just disappear)
units can move and attack once per turn
zones of control for units.
units can pass through other units of the same faction
animation for attack (just a small bump against the attacked unit)
two or more factions for armies



building:
Linux (GCC)
--build bundled libraries and perkele: 'make all'
--build only perkele: 'make'
Windows (MSVC2015):
--build bundled libraries and perkele: 'build.bat'
--build only perkele: 'qbuild.bat'

dependencies: usual build stuff and SDL2



credits section:

terrain graphics: CuddlyClover (modified by exoku) (unclear license, but seems to be something free)
unit graphics: dungeon crawl stone soup project utumno (cc0)

sound effects by: artisticdude at opengameart.org (cc0)
music: hey! by kim lightyear (cc-by 3.0)

various stb-libraries by sean barrett
dear imgui by omar cornut
cmixer by rxi
sdl2 by slouken, icculus and others
glad by who?



Other notes
-----------

hardware requirements!
minimum display size is 1024x600!
opengl 3.3

armies block each other
enemies block movement, friends can pass each other, but not stop at same hex
one unit per hex
one move, one attack per turn. either one can be first. can't postpone second action, it must be taken immediately after.



xeen's palette is quite pretty actually, could use that more if I bother with the graphics (background bmp has the palette atm)

terrain tiles:
https://cuddlyclover.itch.io/fantasy-hex-tiles
tile width: 32
tile height: 28 (height 48, stride 28)
side length: 16
y-offset: 2

Hex edges: (amit)
Iterate over all hexes H.
For each hex, iterate over all 6 neighbors D.
If D is on your game map, and H’s region and D’s region are different, draw the edge between H and D.



/*
uint64_t starting1 = SDL_GetPerformanceCounter();
uint64_t stopping1 = SDL_GetPerformanceCounter();
double calculating1 = (double)(stopping1 - starting1) / (double)perf_freq;
printf("This took %.04g\n", calculating1*1000.0);
*/